Class 6 - showing notes october-15


===

Makram

Makram said he is currently reading Said's 'orientalism' have you read edward Said's "Power, Politics and Culture" (Conversations)

	- refugee family
	- loved this line: 'he learned justice through the relentless injustice' 



===

Kelly

goal is to have a 45 minute show about her childhood, but not have herself physically in the show. 

-- as an exercise (?) are there ways to have the audience know that a character is talking to you without addressing you by name?

Erika: There's always a desire to want to figure out right away what order fragments go in. Don't force this. have random orders. be ok with it. 
		erika:

		risk
		do we care
		is it compelling
		is the research good (also where are you at in the research process)

I asked: why is it important to state how long the piece will be this early in your process?

===

Carmen

have you read ernest becker's "The Denial of Death"?

	- that you are concerned with being afraid of not having control. Becker: we are gods with anuses. 

her character 'Pencil Lady' keeps talking about the 'death of a generation'
	- figure eight could also be a mobius strip. Hoffstadter's writing on the incompleteness theorem. (I am a strange loop )

	- on know when you will die, watch the film, "the brand new testament"


	- "when you are scared of dying you don't really live."

===

Shalon

- the amount of humour already embedded in the piece, like your face, your movements, very clear you want us in on some kind of joke. But when your character spoke, there is something about that accent that has been so established as a trope that, combined with the other humour was too much. 

- Erika suggested that Shalon should investigate whiteness and 'white trash'. Recommend to shalon that she speak to professor stacy denton at York (Visual art department: stacy denton's dissertation "Rurality, Class and Whiteness in U.S. Dominant Discourse and Counter-Narrative, Postware to Present"

===

Mark:

Jane McGonigal on playing a Tetris or candy crush saga within the first twenty-four hours -- its about pattern-matching. 

Starting with light, ending with light: Snoezelen Room

Derrida's idea of the chora-- the space in which echo resides, also a non-space. 
	- snoezelen room: you can visit them in toronto. 
		http://www.snoezelen.info/


on the subject of trust: also as you have not seen combat, i would be concerned that your participants, who have, might see you as a spectator.


===

Desiree:

From edmonton, and the amount of people from her city who go up to fort macmurray is very present in her life. 

	- thought she was thinking about the environment, but was actually thinking about capitalism. 
		- got into reading about futurism. 
			- part 9 of futurist manifesto
				- 
			- part 10 of futurist manifesto	
				- 

			interested in the contemporaneous response to futurist manifesto from feminists 

			interested in the futurist and capitalist intercepting. 
				- what is the role of the female in the capitalist-futurist paradigm?

				'do i play the victim in my gender'

				"Sad Girl" - By Avery Singer

			communciating with an on/off. 
				- Ada Lovelace Day was celebrated at York last week. 

				using punch cards. 

				binary: is binary what is transmitted over text? like, the underlying protocol 

				post-binary: ternary computing, and quantum computing. 


			how to make binary code very human, in a non-text way. 
				- the pattern on the stone. 
				- a computer does not need to be made of wire and silicone. 

		mention to desiree that ternary computing has a political implication: the first one was built in the soviet union, in 1958. they are considered more computationally efficient as well as power-efficient. 

===

Jason

artist as prophet. What is the prophet's relationship with the past? If they turn out to be wrong, does this past modulate their future vision?

