You don't have to perform the same piece each week. Erika encourages you to throw shit to the wall. 

fearless creating is a really scary book, super recommended by erika. 

erika: intention is a big part of being an artist. intention is key. 

erika's questionnaire

categories of questions:



be as honest as you can be in response to erika's questions

why does your artist/creator/director want to create a solo show? why the hell would you put yourself through this?

i am so stuck on this loop of beating the crap out of myself for having unfinished work, for having started/stopped so many projects

ALSO I like the research-creation cycle


what do you expect to get? what do you think you will get? what do you want? 
this piece has already been performed a few times, so i want to be better at describing it (introducing it, i.e. the script). i want to let the piece grow instead of just performing it within the parameters that currently exist for it. 



why does your performer-self want to do this

i do love performing, and i don't set up enough opportunities as much as i would like. 

my research-creation practice needs more improvisation, more sound art/digital media art. 


why does your heart / soul / mind / body want to do this? 

i took this course 2 years ago, and had a really difficult time with it. i fought many of the assignments and exercises the whole way through. in the end, i felt as though i wasted my time, and then carried a heavy guilt of having shared a deep/dark secret without having found a way to express it. -- not only not having found a way to express it but also choosing to avoid having to express it. i treated the class as a therapy session, but didn't commit to the exercises. 


why does your business/scholarly want to create a solo show and what do you hope to gain?

i want to be considered by my peers and community(s) as a good performance artist. 

ALSO: research-creation is business-scholarly + creativity/performance

Prioritize in all of these above areas what is most important 1-10

1. the confidence to push myself through the ENTIRE process of making. 

2. i want to be considered as a relevant artist

3. i want to be thirsty for being busy as a performer

4. 