class3

jason: were those your paintings and photos? 
++ relationship between events in the music timeline and the video effects?
	- about 2 minutes in there was a musical tag (the singer was repeating a line), the video began to stutter, slow down a bit. erika talks about building gestural language, i think this relationship could have been emphasized more. 

shalin: were you trying to make yourself whiter?

woman who sang the american anthem: i was surprised and glad that you held your last note.

Makram - puppetry
- 

Desiree & [name's?] piece
- 

Desiree's piece
- 

Carmen's soundscape piece
- noting that the right channel was much louder than the left. 

poetry piece: first card came down too fast couldn't read it. 

mark: puppetry
	- that was really fun!


turkish drum & soundings piece
	- you mentioned 'you were'nt a musician'. i wondered why the drumming pattern was so periodic, and if you are going to play as a non-musician, take it as an opportunity to play it not like a musician


===

what did you learn?

- makram noted what his body responded to: responded more to the narrative, so he is interested in the conceptual, what is the process of going there?

THIS >>> desiree: in her rehearsal process she had to question herself 'why a given medium', which was new to her. she usually questions choices in the piece, but not why she wants employ a given medium(s)

an experiment in this room has nothing to do with a finished product. 

erika says that she continues to do risk taking professionally. 

THIS>>> another thing that can happen in a kind and loving environment is to not rise to the occaision. it takes courage to kick ass, and it takes courage to be vulnerable and fall flat on your ass. AIR IN BOTH DIRECTIONS!!!
	- setting things up so you can take the risks you need to take is your job!

	- something i noticed was the previous time that i took this course (2 years ago) i refused to perform without having the best quality speakers available (brought in the QSC powered mains). and in this case i plugged it into the 1/8" jack, and was surprised that it didn't bother me. 

