parts of the performer exercise

your critic self - only appears before and after your performance
your producer self - tilting the piece at times: 'tilting the piece', professionally is sometimes a good thing. means its going to affect the content radically. sometimes you have to hold your guns, but other times you decide its the right thing. 

don't let your producer self interrupt your rehearsals. don't allow yourself to be texting, taking calls, working etc. during rehearsals. 

your performer needs to stay healthy and well trained. 

artist doesn't judge what is being asked to do. 

outside of your rehearsal, your artist sleeps eats and learns material. 


therapist/healer. must be ever present and catalogue or catch the things you need to process or work on (sometimes that is allowed during rehearsal)
	- don't need to process things during rehearsal. 
	- don't pretend it isn't important, it is, but also don't let it consume your rehearsal. 
	your therapist/healer gets you to the people you need to see to keep you healthy. 
	- if you are the raw material, take good care of it. treat yourself like the violin. 



	====


	really exciting that you can move away from a GUI that is designed for a technical person, and towards something that is more poetically meaningful for an audience!


	director: you need to rehearse the introduction!


	director and critic talking to creator, enthusiastically:
		ok! you're going to get a chance to wonderfully improve the visual layout for the GUI. you're also going to get a chance to create a piece for someone else to play. think about how fun it was to make crosstalk, you get to be a designer again, and responding to a performer. 

	critic is gone now, only the director, enthusiastically:
		focus on the visual elements of the performance. 

	director: design an exercise that you can do right now with your performer: 

		load a synth, and have someone else play it in front of you. time them. 



	DON'T BE AFRAID OF REPETITION. REPETITION ALLOWS YOU TO MEDITATE ON AN IDEA