think abotu a main character >> lets just say you, the person performing data_issues

think about the ordinary

what does the 'character' want?
	- 

how is your character uneasy, uncomfortable, unaware?

Prologue: 
	the hero is shown against a background/environment of hereditary and personal history.	
		- in data issues, this personal history is the work -- but the audience doesn't know how much time/effort you put into the work (also why would they care about this?) >> would a gource animation be useful? some kind of infographic?

A. Departure:
	what is the stress that is placed on the character?
		- wanting to perform a good piece, against the odds of not knowing how to do so with an entirely unfamiliar instrument. 

	1. the call to adventure: 
		something shakes up the situation, either from external pressures ro from something rising up from deep within, so the hero must face the winds of change

			data_issues: what is the thing that is about to change? an instrument i once worked on is now going to be put on the chopping block. 

	2. Refusal of the call: often when the call is given, the future hero refuses to heed it. 
			data_issues: 

	3. supernatural aid (aka meeting with the mentor): once the hero has committed to the quest, consciously or unconsciously, his or her guide and magical helper appears, or becomes known. 

			data_issues: who or what is that in your piece? ... the mapping? whatever is explicit in the mapping? 

	4. the crossing of the first threshold: this is the point where the person actually crosses into the field of adventure, leaving the known limits of his or her world and venutring into an unknown and dangerous realm where the rules and limits are not known. 

			data_issues: touching the first controller parameter?

	5. the belly of the whale: the belly of the whale represents the final separation from the hero's known worlsd and self. it is sometimes described as the person's lows point, but it is actually the point when the person is between or transitioning between worlds and selves. The separation has been made, or is being made, or being fully recognized between the old world and old self and the potential for a new world/self. the experiences that will shape the new world and self will begin shortly, or may be beginning with this experience which is often symbolized by something dark, unknown and frightening. By entering this stage, the person shows their willingness to undergo a metamorphosis, to die to him or herself. 

	6. approach the major allies. 

	7. the ordeal: usually the climax, the car chase, or the moment when the hero is most challenged. 


	if you lose touch with the character; what they're doing/why they're doing it, the audience will not care about the situation(s) they find themselves in.  
		Erika gave an example of where this can be desired: i.e. if you build up a particular character and then take it away from the audience it can be really effective. Data issues, I once performed it in front of a concert hall filled with composers/software engineers, and yeah they were pretty upset that my instrument was deleted. 
			- where, in the case of your painting (in my case an instrument-to-be-deleted), is it represented in the hero's journey?
				[answer]: no, her piece was not based on the hero's journey. 

	8. the reward: the hero takes possession of the treasure [1] by facing death. there may be celebration, but there is also the danger of facing death again. 
		[erika]: the 'facing death' thing, one can face death on many different levels. 

			- little deaths (deaths along the path). its not just about what you get, but what has to be sacrificed to get what you get. 


	9. The way back: race to get the treasure home. 

	10. return with the elixer: the hero has returned, they have also transformed. there is still one thing left: they have to go see their family; they have to bring the item to the church; BUT you wouldn't show that happening, just, that they are heading off on that path. 