The Hero's Journey: Summary of the Steps
https://dommy.com/az2nzau/show/qoln/steps.pdf


Prologue: the ordinary world. the hero is introduced to the audience. 

Summary of the Steps of the Hero’s Journey
(Copyright 1999 Liz Warren)
A. DEPARTURE
	1. The Call to Adventure is the point in a
person’s life when something important
happens that sends the person in a new
direction.

	2. Refusal of the Call. Sometimes when a
person receives a call to adventure, he or she
refuses to go. The future hero might be
afraid, or feel like he or she can’t leave
responsibilities, or might not feel strong
enough or smart enough to start an
adventure.

	3. Supernatural Aid. Once the hero has
started the adventure, a guide or magical
helper appears to provide help. The helper
does not have to be human.

	4. The Crossing of the First Threshold is
the point when the person actually begins his
or her adventure. The hero leaves his or her
familiar neighborhood and normal life and
goes into unknown and dangerous places
where the rules are not known.
	
	5. The Belly of the Whale At this point in
the adventure, the hero is truly between
worlds. The familiar world has been left
behind and the world of the adventure lies
ahead. For many heroes this is a very
frightening moment when they feel all alone
and very aware of challenges to come. He or
she may truly realize what an important task
they have taken on.


B. INITIATION

	1. The Road of Trials is a series of tests,
tasks, or ordeals that a person must undergo
as part of becoming a hero.
	
	2. The Meeting with the Goddess After
surviving the road of trials, the hero may
experience a great love. In many stories it is
a romantic love. Or it may be the warm heart
filling love we feel for friends and family. It
may also be an experience of a divine love.
Either way, the hero gains strength and
wonderful feeling of well being from the
experience.
	
	3. The Temptation. At some point in the
adventure, the hero will be tempted to quit
the journey and go home.

	4. Atonement is the center point of the
journey. All the previous steps have been
moving in to this place, all that follow will
move out from it. In this step the person
must face whatever holds the ultimate power
in his or her life.

	5. Apotheosis. After facing and surviving
the great power in his or her life, the hero
may have an experience of the oneness and
beauty of the universe. For some heroes it is
like being in heaven. Of course, if the hero
did not survive the encounter with the great
power in his or her life, he or she may
actually be in heaven. It is a period of rest
and reflection before the return journey is
made.

	6. The Ultimate Boon is the achievement of
the goal of the quest. It is what the person
went on the journey to get.


C. RETURN

	1. Refusal of the Return. Sometimes, when
the adventure has been a glorious or very
satisfying one, the hero refuses to come back
to normal life. If the hero is concerned that
his or her message will not be heard, he or
she may also refuse to return.
	
	2. The Magic Flight. Sometimes the hero
must steal the boon and then make a daring
escape. It can be just as adventurous and
dangerous returning from the journey as it
was to begin it.

	3. Rescue from Without. Just as the hero
may have needed a magical guide or helper
to set out on the quest, sometimes he or she
must have help to come back to everyday
life.

	4. The Crossing of the Return Threshold.
The hero crosses a threshold to return just as
when the adventure began. The hero’s task
at this point is to remember what was
learned during the quest, and to use it to
make life better for him or her and others.

	5. Master of the Two Worlds. At this point
in the journey, the hero has learned how to
be comfortable with the everyday world and
the world of adventure. The hero is
comfortable with him or herself and with the
rest of the world, too. He or she is equally
comfortable in both places, and may be ready
to be a guide for someone else.

	6. Freedom to Live. When a person has
survived a great adventure, and has learned
to accept him or herself, they often become
free from the fear of death.